1433687363 bubblybabs: Ok. I asked isn't this a kids app because it's getting adultish to me. They said:
"It has never been considered a kids app - it is a Minecraft app. It is intended for all Minecraft players of all ages, kids included, so it is kids friendly. But it is not a kids app solely intended for children. It is a Minecraft app intended for all ages, from grown ups to kids all having Minecraft in common :-)"

Still, the fetish thing makes me uncomfortable. I'll just keep an eye out for this person.
1433687192 bubblybabs: @TelepathicGrunt, 
So he's bad in PM. I don't understand why PMs can't be monitored. These are kids, after all.
1433686783 bubblybabs: @TelepathicGrunt, 
Oh dear. Was he bad?
1433685539 bubblybabs: #3:
If things get predatorial such as the user asking for personal info and real nude pics and so on we'll take actions ASAP. But as long as it's just something silly and random such as pics of their feet or whatever, just a quick unfollow and he won't be able to PM anymore. Also a Block will be effective :-)

Lastly, it's probably just a curious kid anyway who's trying to engage with other users in a curious way. No need to take it too seriously, just a quick unfollow and Block :-)
1433685504 bubblybabs: #2:
Instead, just let users know that they can just unfollow him and he won't be able to PM with them anymore. It is a swift solution that will solve the issue for everyone :-)

We can not restrict what users say in PM, but if someone says something that makes someone else uncomfortable, they can just unfollow them and they won't be able to PM anymore.
1433685451 bubblybabs: Some of JNs reply #1:
Just unfollow the user and he won't be able to PM with anyone anymore. It is currently not against any rules to ask users for pics of their feet or hands or eyes and whatnot, even if it's creepy. Because if we started moderating those we'd bring about a massive grey area where now saying creepy things in PM would be against the rules and that would be an infinitely difficult rule to actually moderate.
